hello jajajaj not lie this video is
for the monkey jajajaj sorry for saying
but he asked that I x hello good
friends be welcome to this new
video in which I will teach you to
download the gta 3 good I already knew that
I had made this video before but what
I made a direct download so in this
video I bring you the download by the
auto rehn program
the first thing to do will be
download the torrent of the game is
on the mediafire server
[Music]
well first of all I wanted to thank you
to my 12 subscribers thank you friends of
truth thanks to you make this
channel grow more and more good
returning to the subject once downloaded the
torrent of the game we extract the file
rar
and leave us a torrent file to this
file we double click
and we will open a window this window
shows where the
file also shows the amount of
files that have in this case only one
and they give in ok
when they give in ok they will begin to
check the file to verify that
there is not a bad hardware
[Music]
when it finishes it will begin to
download I recommend them for your
faster download to be clicked
right to file and then in porsche
be in force start and in that way
get it to be downloaded to your
maximum speed good also in the
description there will be a video how
accelerate the torrent to 100% so that your
download be more efficient good once
download is complete we
we go to our self-rental program
or we also go to the torrent that
we download wait and I put it so that
open with the torrent
and good as you can see me download
has already finished 100% now only
we give you right click and open folder
container or they can also do
double click on the downloaded file
[Music]
and here we will have our game made
for this they need the amon program
good double click tools to the did
[Music]
and a small window will open like
this here we give where it says execute
success setup
here we select our language and
let's accept
a box will open and we give
following
we give in itself
here we choose where we want to be
save the file in my case I leave it like this
and we give it to next
next and good here we will only have
to wait until it reaches 100%
while I leave you a little music xd
[Music]
or not
or
[Music]
When the download is complete, we
will open a box like this telling us
that the installation has been a success
Well, we just give it to finish
[Music]
and ready now only we headed to the
folder where we have installed the game
in my case local disk c
program files
and rock star game
two
[Music]
and now you just have access
direct to the desktop to play it if not
they know how to right click the
file will send and select the
desk and ready once is just the
direct access will be able to play it without
disadvantages I tell you that the game
is full comes with the radio voices in
the cinematographic and voices of
protagonist hahaha not lie the
protagonist never speaks in the game
but rest is full and good friends
this has been everything is said elecar jw
from 19 until a next video a greeting
for the monkey